Documentation for WinCompat functionality (#5304)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.0/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Start-Job.md

### -PSVersion

Specifies a version of PowerShell to use for running the job.
Curently this parameter does not have any effect (job is run in PowerShell Core)
except for value `5.1` which on Windows OS runs the job in a Windows PowerShell v5.1

```powershell
$PSVersionTable.PSVersion
# produces:
# Major  Minor  Patch  PreReleaseLabel BuildLabel
# -----  -----  -----  --------------- ----------
# 7      0      0      rc.1
$job = Start-Job { $PSVersionTable.PSVersion } -PSVersion 5.1
Receive-Job $job
# produces:
# Major  Minor  Build  Revision
# -----  -----  -----  --------
# 5      1      14393  3383

> ```

Reviewer: Change to:

```powershell
$PSVersionTable.PSVersion
```

```Output
Major  Minor  Patch  PreReleaseLabel BuildLabel
-----  -----  -----  --------------- ----------
    7      0      0  rc.1
```

```powershell
$job = Start-Job { $PSVersionTable.PSVersion } -PSVersion 5.1
Receive-Job $job
```

```Output
Major  Minor  Build  Revision
-----  -----  -----  --------
    5      1  14393  3383
```

Reviewer 2: Just a note - this shows the detials as of RC1. This help text probably needs to change once RTM happens.;

Author: Updated formatting.

### -PSVersion

Specifies a version of PowerShell to use for running the job.

> Curently this parameter does not have any effect (job is run in PowerShell Core)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the value of **PSVersion** is **5.1** The job is run in a Windows PowerShell 5.1 session.
For any other value, the job is run using the current version of PowerShell.

This parameter was added in PowerShell 7 and only works on Windows.
```

> except for value `5.1` which on Windows OS runs the job in a Windows PowerShell v5.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```powershell

Reviewer: Examples are not allowed here by PlatyPS. Create an example in the example section of the article.

Author: moved to a new `Example 11`.
